gh-132026: Ensure _MIPS_SIM has defined _ABI identifiers for comparison (#132027)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2025-04-02-21-08-36.gh-issue-132026.ptnR7T.rst

> Use of undefined identifiers is removed for determining architecture
> specifics when building C code on MIPS architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix use of undefined identifiers in platform triplet detection on MIPS Linux platforms.
```
